
## WARNING!  DO NOT USE THIS FILE UNLESS YOU HAVE EXPLICIT PERMISSION!


########################################################################################################################
## Copyright (c) 2004-2008 by the Palo Alto Research Center.
## All rights reserved. This software/data is made available AS IS, and PARC makes no warranty about the software/data, 
## its performance or its conformity to any specification. Please do not distribute.
#######################################################################################################################


abhor	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed abhorred that Mary had vacation.		##automatically generated
accept	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed accepted that the policy failed.		##automatically generated
acknowledge	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	fact_p	They acknowledged the report to be correct.		##automatically generated
acknowledge	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed acknowledged that Mary knew it.		##automatically generated
add	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_np*	Ed didn't add that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
admit	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed admitted that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
admit	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	The report was admitted to be incorrect.		##automatically generated
affect	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	fact_n	Ed affected to draw.		##automatically generated
allow	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp_nn	John allowed there to be balloons.		##automatically generated
allow	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Children were allowed to hop.		##automatically generated
amaze	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It amazed John that Mary left.		##automatically generated
amuse	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It amused Ed that Mary left.		##automatically generated
annoy	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It annoyed Jim that Mary left.		##automatically generated
appoint	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*	Ed was appointed to run the shop.		##automatically generated
appreciate	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed appreciated that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
arrange	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed arranged that Mary could attend.		##automatically generated
ascertain	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp*	Ed ascertained that Mary went.		##automatically generated
astonish	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It astonished Bob that Larry wanted to die.		##automatically generated
astound	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It astounded Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
attempt	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_nn	Ed didn't attempt to go.		##automatically generated
baffle	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It baffled Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
bear	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	John couldn't bear to leave.		##automatically generated
begin	V-SUBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	It had begun to rain.		##automatically generated
bewilder	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It bewildered Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
bore	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It bored Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
bother	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed didn't bother to cry.		##automatically generated
bother	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It bothered Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
bring	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed brought himself to confess.		##automatically generated
care	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed didn't care that Mary went.		##automatically generated
care	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed didn't care that Mary went.		##automatically generated
care	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_nn*	Ed didn't care to go.		##automatically generated
cause	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed caused Mary to cry.		##automatically generated
cease	V-SUBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	fact_p	It ceased to rain.		##automatically generated
come	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed came to know about the story.		##automatically generated
compel	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*	Ed compelled Bill to go.		##automatically generated
compel	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp*	The subpoena compelled there to be an trial.		##automatically generated
compete	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_nn	Ed didn't compete to solve the problem.		##automatically generated
comprehend	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed comprehended that Bill had died.		##automatically generated
concede	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp*	Ed conceded that Mary had arrived.		##automatically generated
condemn	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*_nn*	They condemned him to die.		##automatically generated
condescend	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	They condescended to go.		##automatically generated
confess	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*	Ed confessed to have cheated in the exam.		##automatically generated
confess	V-SUBJ-OBLto-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p*	Mary confessed to Ed that she had taken the money.		##automatically generated
confess	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p*	She confessed that she had taken the money.		##automatically generated
confirm	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp	She confirmed that she had taken the money.		##automatically generated
confuse	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It confused Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
consent	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*_nn*	Ed consented to go.		##automatically generated
continue	V-SUBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	fact_p	It continued to rain.		##automatically generated
convince	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*_nn*	Ed convinced Mary to go.		##automatically generated
dare	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed dared to speak.		##automatically generated
decline	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pn	Ed declined to go.		##automatically generated
deign	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed didn't deign to sign the book.		##automatically generated
delight	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It delighted Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
demonstrate	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed demonstrated that the gadget worked.		##automatically generated
deplore	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed deplored that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
depress	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It depressed Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
determine	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp*	Ed determined that Mary won.		##automatically generated
detest	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed detested that Mary had arrived early.		##automatically generated
disappoint	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It disappointed Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
disclose	V-SUBJ-OBLto-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p*	Ed disclosed to the competitors that Mary had arrived.		##automatically generated
disclose	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p*	Ed disclosed that Mary had arrived.		##automatically generated
disconcert	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It disconcerted Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
discourage	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It discouraged Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
discover	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed discovered that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
discover	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed discovered Bill to be in Paris.		##automatically generated
disenchant	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It disenchanted Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
disgust	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It discouraged Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
distress	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It distressed Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
drive	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp	Ed was driven to write poetry.		##automatically generated
drive	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	Low pressure drove it to rain		##automatically generated
dumbfound	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It dumbfounded Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
embarrass	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It embarrassed Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
employ	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	none	Ed was employed to write.		##automatically generated
enable	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	The grant enabled Mary to write.		##automatically generated
enchant	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It enchanted Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
encourage	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It encouraged Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
ensure	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed ensured that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
envy	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed envied that Mary had succeeded.		##automatically generated
establish	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp*	Ed established that Mary had arrived.		##automatically generated
excite	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It excited Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
explain	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_np	John didn't explain that Bill didn't arrive.		##automatically generated
explain	V-SUBJ-OBLto-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp+that	theme	impl_np	Ed didn't explain to Mary that Bill didn't arrive.		##automatically generated
fail	V-SUBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pn_np	Ed failed to open the door.		##automatically generated
find	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed found that Mary had arrived.		##automatically generated
flabbergast	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It flabbergasted Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
forbid	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pn*	Ed's common sense forbade him to answer.		##automatically generated
force	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	The rules forced there to be a rematch.		##automatically generated
force	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp	Ed was forced to go.		##automatically generated
foresee	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed foresaw that Bill would arrive.		##automatically generated
forget	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed forgot that Mary went.		##automatically generated
forget	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pn_np	Ed forgot to go to the doctor.		##automatically generated
frighten	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It frightened Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
get	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed got it to rain sparks.		##automatically generated
get	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed got to write to the doctor.		##automatically generated
go	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf_prt(on_)	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed went on to become famous.		##automatically generated
grant	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXthat	???	???	???	impl_pp	Ed granted Mary that Bill arrived.		##automatically generated
grant	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed granted that she was right.		##automatically generated
grow	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed grew to like Mary.		##automatically generated
guess	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_np	Ed didn't guess that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
hasten	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp	Ed hastened to go.		##automatically generated
hate	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	fact_p	Ed hated to leave the party.		##automatically generated
hate	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed hated that Mary went home.		##automatically generated
have	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPbase	???	???	???	impl_pp_nn	John had Mary leave.		##automatically generated
have	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*	Ed had to go.		##automatically generated
help	V-SUBJ-XCOMPbase	???	???	???	impl_pp	Ed helped clean the house.		##automatically generated
help	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp	Ed helped to clean the house.		##automatically generated
help	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPbase	???	???	???	impl_pp	John helped Mary leave.		##automatically generated
help	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp	John helped Mary to leave.		##automatically generated
hesitate	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_np	Ed didn't hesitate to go.		##automatically generated
horrify	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It horrified Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
identify	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed identified that Mary had a problem.		##automatically generated
impress	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It impressed Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
induce	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*	Ed was induced to go.		##automatically generated
influence	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*	Ed was influenced to vote for Bush.		##automatically generated
inspire	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*	Ed inspired Bill to go.		##automatically generated
jump	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp	Ed jumped to help John.		##automatically generated
know	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed knew that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
know	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed knew to pay attention.		##automatically generated
know	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	fact_p	John knew there to be fish in the lake.		##automatically generated
lament	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed lamented that Mary went.		##automatically generated
lead	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp	Falling profits led the company to explore new paths.		##automatically generated
lead	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	Growth encouraging policies led there to be much available capital.		##automatically generated
learn	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed learned that Bill arrived.		##automatically generated
learn	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*_nn*	Ed learned to fly.		##automatically generated
let	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPbase	???	???	???	impl_pp_nn	John let Mary leave.		##automatically generated
like	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed liked that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
like	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	fact_p	John liked to fly.		##automatically generated
live	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed lived to draw.		##automatically generated
loathe	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	fact_p	John loathed to fly.		##automatically generated
love	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed loved that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
love	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	fact_p	Ed loved to bake.		##automatically generated
make	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPbase	???	???	???	impl_pp	John made Mary leave.		##automatically generated
make	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPbase	???	???	???	impl_pp	Low pressure made it rain.		##automatically generated
manage	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed managed to leave.		##automatically generated
matter	V-SUBJextra-COMPEXthat	???	???	???	fact_p	It mattered that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
mean	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_np	Ed didn't mean to go.		##automatically generated
mind	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed didn't mind that Mary went.		##automatically generated
miss	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed missed that Mary was supposed to be there.		##automatically generated
mystify	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It mystified Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
neglect	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pn_np	Ed neglected to call Mary.		##automatically generated
note	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed noted that Mary went.		##automatically generated
notice	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed noticed that Mary went.		##automatically generated
observe	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed observed that Mary went.		##automatically generated
observe	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	The Deputy observed there to be a red mark on her face.		##automatically generated
opt	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*	Ed opted to close the factory.		##automatically generated
outrage	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It outraged Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
own	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	He was reluctant to own that he was indebted.		##automatically generated
perceive	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p*	Ed perceived that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
permit	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_nn	Ed didn't permit there to be balloons.		##automatically generated
permit	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_nn	The rules didn't permit Ed to smoke.		##automatically generated
permit	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_nn*	The rules didn't permit Ed to smoke.		##automatically generated
perplex	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It perplexed Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
persuade	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*_nn*	Ed persuaded Mary to go.		##automatically generated
pity	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	All the monks pitied that he was acquiring unwholesome Karma.		##automatically generated
please	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It pleased Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
predict	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_np	Ed didn't predict that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
pretend	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_n	Ed pretended that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
pretend	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	fact_n	Ed pretended to cry.		##automatically generated
prevail	V-SUBJ-OBL-XCOMPinf(on)	???	???	???	impl_pp_nn	Ed prevailed on Mary to go.		##automatically generated
proceed	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed proceeded to write.		##automatically generated
prove	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed proved there to be errors.		##automatically generated
prove	V-SUBJ-OBL-COMPEXthat(to)	???	???	???	impl_pp	Ed proved to Mary that Bill wrote it.		##automatically generated
prove	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed proved that Bill arrived.		##automatically generated
provoke	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed provoked there to be a strike.		##automatically generated
provoke	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp	Ed was provoked to go.		##automatically generated
puzzle	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It puzzled Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
qualify	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_nn	Ed didn't qualify to play in the championship.		##automatically generated
read	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_np*	Ed didn't read that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
realize	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed realized that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
recall	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p*	Ed recalled that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
recognize	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	fact_p	John recognized the idea to be foolish.		##automatically generated
recognize	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed recognized that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
recollect	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p*	Ed recollected that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
reconfirm	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp*	Ed reconfirmed that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
reflect	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed reflected that Mary had arrived.		##automatically generated
refrain	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pn_np	Ed refrained to comment.		##automatically generated
refuse	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pn	Ed refused to go.		##automatically generated
register	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed registered that Mary went.		##automatically generated
regret	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed regretted that Mary went.		##automatically generated
regret	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	fact_p	Ed regretted to smoke.		##automatically generated
rejoice	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed rejoiced that Mary went.		##automatically generated
relearn	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp*_nn*	Ed relearned to walk.		##automatically generated
remain	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pn	Ed remained to be convinced.		##automatically generated
remember	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed remembered that Mary went.		##automatically generated
remember	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed remembered to go.		##automatically generated
remind	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXthat	???	???	???	fact_p	Ed reminded Mary that Bill went.		##automatically generated
respect	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed respected that Mary pursued her career.		##automatically generated
reveal	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp	theme	impl_pp	There was revealed to be presents.		##automatically generated
reveal	V-SUBJ-OBL-COMPEXthat(to)	???	???	???	fact_p	Ed revealed to Mary that Bill arrived.		##automatically generated
reveal	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed revealed that Bill went.		##automatically generated
rope	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf_prt(in_)	???	???	???	impl_pp	John roped in Mary to set the table.		##automatically generated
satisfy	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXthat	???	???	???	fact_p	Ed satisfied Mary that Bill arrived.		##automatically generated
see	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed saw that Mary left.		##automatically generated
see	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPbase	???	???	???	fact_p	John saw Mary leave.		##automatically generated
serve	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Canals served to convey traffic through the city.		##automatically generated
show	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXthat	???	???	???	impl_pp	Ed showed Mary that Bill arrived.		##automatically generated
show	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf_prt(up_)	???	???	???	impl_pp	Ed showed John up to be lazy.		##automatically generated
show	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed showed that Bill arrived.		##automatically generated
specify	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_np	Ed didn't specify that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
start	V-SUBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	It didn't start to rain		##automatically generated
start	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf_prt(in_)	???	???	???	impl_pp_nn	John started in to write the novel.		##automatically generated
startle	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It startled Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
stay	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed didn't stay to eat.		##automatically generated
stress	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed didn't stress that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
stupefy	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It stupefied Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
surprise	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It surprised Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
suspect	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_np	Ed didn't suspect that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
tell	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXthat	???	???	???	impl_np*	Ed didn't tell Mary that Bill arrived.		##automatically generated
tend	V-SUBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp	It tended to rain.		##automatically generated
think	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_nn	Ed didn't think to sell it.		##automatically generated
tolerate	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed tolerated that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
touch	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It touched Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
treasure	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed treasured that Mary was going.		##automatically generated
trouble	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Bill troubled Ed to go to the store.		##automatically generated
trouble	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed had troubled to go.		##automatically generated
turn	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf_prt(out_)	???	???	???	impl_pp_nn	Ed turned out to drink.		##automatically generated
understand	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed understood that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
unnerve	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It unnerved Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
upset	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXopt_extra	VB	ccomp+that	theme	fact_p	It upset Ed that John had left.		##automatically generated
use	V-SUBJ-OBJ-XCOMPinf_scon	???	???	???	impl_pp	John used the key to open the door.		##automatically generated
use	V-SUBJexpl-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed used to drink.		##automatically generated
verify	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp	Ed verified that Mary arrived.		##automatically generated
wake	V-SUBJ-XCOMPinf	VB	xcomp+to	theme	impl_pp_nn	Ed woke to find that breakfast had arrived.		##automatically generated
warn	V-SUBJ-OBJ-COMPEXthat	???	???	???	impl_np*	Ed didn't warn Mary that Bill arrived.		##automatically generated
warn	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_np*	Ed didn't warn that Bill had arrived.		##automatically generated
warrant	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	impl_pp*	Ed warranted that Mary had a point.		##automatically generated
watch	V-SUBJ-OBJexpl-XCOMPbase	???	???	???	fact_p	John watched Mary leave.		##automatically generated
wonder	V-SUBJ-COMPEXthat	VB	ccomp	theme	fact_p	Ed wondered that Mary had arrived.		##automatically generated

